[docs] add docs for testing Lit components with WebdriverIO (#1287)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/v3/tools/testing.md

};
```

## Using WebdriverIO

> [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io) is a good alternative for your component or end-to-end tests. It has very compelling advantages like support for [mocking](https://webdriver.io/docs/component-testing/mocking) and [code coverage](https://webdriver.io/docs/component-testing/coverage) reporting.

Reviewer: Minor nit:

```suggestion
[WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io) is a good option for your component or end-to-end tests. It has very compelling advantages like support for [mocking](https://webdriver.io/docs/component-testing/mocking) and [code coverage](https://webdriver.io/docs/component-testing/coverage) reporting.
```

Instead of `alternative`, we can maybe say `option`. Thus focussing more on options vs preferences.

You can set up WebdriverIO in your project via:

```bash
npm init wdio@latest ./
```

It will start a configuration wizard that will guide you through some questions. Make sure select the following:

> - __What type of testing would you like to do?__:<br />Component or Unit Testing - in the browser

Reviewer: Did `prettier` put in the self closing tag? `<br />` -> `<br>`?

Author: Nope, I am using Docusaurus a lot which mdx parser requires closing tags, or at least used to. Shall I revert?

Reviewer: `<br>` is a [void element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Void_element) so it can be represented as just `<br>` if you don't mind updating it.

Author: done

- __Which framework do you use for building components?__:<br />Lit

The remaining questions can be answered as desired.

In order test the component you have to render it into the test page before the test starts and ensure it gets cleaned up afterwards:

```ts
import { expect, $ } from '@wdio/globals'

> // import simple-greeting component from https://lit.dev/docs/components/overview/

Reviewer: May be worth slightly expanding this comment. The lowercase `import` at the start of this line made me initially think this was a commented out import.

```suggestion
// Component.ts contains the <simple-greeting> component implemented the same as:
// https://lit.dev/docs/components/overview/
```

};
```

## Using WebdriverIO

[WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io) is a good option for your component or end-to-end tests. It has very compelling advantages like support for [mocking](https://webdriver.io/docs/component-testing/mocking) and [code coverage](https://webdriver.io/docs/component-testing/coverage) reporting.

You can set up WebdriverIO in your project via:

```bash
npm init wdio@latest ./
```

It will start a configuration wizard that will guide you through some questions. Make sure select the following:

- __What type of testing would you like to do?__:<br>Component or Unit Testing - in the browser

> - __Which framework do you use for building components?__:<br>Lit

Reviewer: Looking at the preview URL, I think I'd prefer the removal of the colons. Currently there is double punctuation. e.g. `?:`. Maybe change to only the question mark for both items.

Reviewer 2: I was debating whether this part should also be inside a codeblock since it's the selection with the CLI.

Author: IMHO it is visually more clear to keep the list
<img width="810" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-08 at 4 15 00 PM" src="https://github.com/lit/lit.dev/assets/731337/a067ea49-d8ce-440b-bb6d-f28e5707359e">

vs

<img width="807" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-08 at 4 15 53 PM" src="https://github.com/lit/lit.dev/assets/731337/9216234d-7f5d-4261-87a4-9032fca0d58b">

Happy with either, please advise!

Reviewer 2: Indeed, without color, the cli output in code block is less clear. let's keep the list but just without the ":" following the "?" per Andrew's suggestion. Thanks for the screenshots!

Author: removed colons 👍
